way
okay
yeah that's fine
My main interest, my main hobby is football and cooking, so I've been playing soccer
for football since I've been six, I think, so quite early, I've been playing in a club for
a team for quite a while, then had a bit of a break during my studies when I went to
university and moved away and so on, so you know how it is, it's kind of loose in contact
and yeah, but then since I moved to that later, I've been playing with a team again, still playing.
That's a good question. I recently had a chat with my dad about it, so I mean like I think my parents did
what every parent do, like they try to find a hobby for their kids and like try to figure out what they enjoy and what they don't enjoy, so I started
like with skiing and everything, so that's quite big where I'm from, and I didn't really enjoy much skiing and like all the
winter sports, so my parents tried to find other stuff, so I started playing tennis, that was okay, and then at some point I think like a kid of the
neighborhood that I kind of like went to primary school with and so on, he said I like he wants to try football and then my parents were like yeah well, so I mean you can give
a try as well, so yeah, went there with him, and I think initially it was more like the social stuff that got me engaged to the team
stuff and everything, so it wasn't really quite good at the beginning, and then kind of like got stuck in there, but it was really good until I think it was like 15 or 16, and then I made like a
huge step skill wise, and there was a bit more successful, and then I quite enjoyed it after that, and it wasn't quite great, so yeah, it's based on
that from 16 to 20 or so, I had a good base and I really enjoyed it, and since then, since then it's just like I think it's more like a
social thing, it's easy to connect with people, especially when you move somewhere else, it's easy to find new friends, you can't get in contact with new
people, all that stuff, so yeah.
Yeah, like many social sites and also like that exercise, so just to do some exercise, it's like not being like on a high level or so, but like just doing some
exercising is just...
Yeah.
Well, to stay fit, like go for runs quite often, more like the running type of person, so that's what I'm saying.
Like, yeah, I've always done that during off-season, or when I don't play, so to kind of like stay fit, now after I met my partner, she's a video, she told me to do more
exercising, go to the gym a bit more, to do specific exercises, to prevent injuries, and not complain so much at home, I started going to the gym, and do some
exercises, started doing pilates, so that's quite helpful, trying to stay fit, especially in the old age.
Yeah, I don't know, in terms of socializing, back in Germany, I did a fair bit of volunteering, there was quite nice, I really enjoyed that, I'm having
another time to do that since I moved over here in Australia, but it's definitely quite high on my list of things to do, things that I want to start doing this year.
From the southern part in Germany, from Bavaria, it's closed to the Alps, it's closed to the mountains, so that's a step for like winter, it was always a big thing for us,
so skiing, snowboarding, but also climbing, hiking, and so on, so I was always a big part of my family, so my dad is, my dad like, he sees me in the mountains every second day, after he's retired, so he's just like, he does all that stuff, and one of those kids to do the same, but not my kids.
What's different, I mean, the language, of course, language and food, apart from that, I mean, I would mostly say, what's different at the beginning is, you don't have like your circle of friends anymore, but I would say that's the same for anyone who doesn't know what to do.
I mean, the moves, countries are moves to a different country, in terms of culture, I mean, Germans are a bit more, yeah, more direct plant, but I always feel like that's also a bit more like a community feeling, and like more, like everything is about more, the community itself and not the individual, that bit of part.
Germans are also very critical of everything, so luckily, you don't really get any here, because it's a bit annoying afterwards.
Yeah, like it's, with my current soccer team, that's like, do you get any community feeling, it's feel like they try to put an effort in and get that feeling as well.
Yeah, I mostly probably miss like, in a circle of friends and like, friends I've had for quite a while, but yes, it's just different when you move to your country, you have to, like, basically give it a bit of time to build those relationships.
But it was quite easy at the beginning, I have to say, like, when I moved over here, I moved in with a housemate, I'm going to say, like, lived in a shared house, shared plant, and he helped me a lot, so he just, like, he was trading, obviously.
He's like, 50 years old, he owns a cafe, and like, owns a shack down the coast and all that stuff, so he's like, he does all that Australian things, and then he was very helpful with settling in and getting to know stuff and everything, so that was very helpful.
And then obviously playing football and I helped as well to adjust everything, so it was easier than I thought, yeah, or easier than I expected.
Oh, I don't know, so I probably started back at home because, like, basically, when I grew up, when I was in high school, so both my parents, like, where to work and everything, so when I got home, I had to feed myself.
So, yeah, quite early, sometimes my mom had something prepared, so, and I only had to heat it up or so, but then, like, yeah, when I got a bit older, when I was, like, I think, 40, 50 or so, then she was like, well, she doesn't have the time in time anymore, so I had to cook and stuff for myself, so, like, I was more than a kitchen with her, and I observed what she was doing, and then I tried to do the same stuff.
So, that kind of got me into it, and then, I know, like, just watching here, and then at some point I started looking up how to do specific recipes and everything, and how to get a feel for it, and so on, and then, being quite excited, and then, when I moved, I moved away, and I lived in a chef, Latin Germany, and lived with, like, two other boys, and, like, based, and it was my, my role to feed all of them.
So, I was kind of the mom for all of them, and, yeah, I had to cook, so, and then, basically, I feel like, I'm quite good at, like, basically feeding people, and doing, like, cooking normal recipes, and at some point, I kind of got into, like, doing bigger meals and all that stuff.
Yeah, so, I feel like it's, it helps me with switching off my brain, just putting some music on, cook some stuff.
It's a nice place from, like, work or other stuff.
There.
I've never, I've never regarded it as a chore.
If I come, like, if I look back, and I, I mean, I had to, like, if I look at, like, cleaning my room, like, cleaning bathroom, cleaning all that stuff,
like, I always hated that, and I can still the same, like, yeah, that's a chore for me.
Cooking is, like, I mean, I get it, like, it's been more painful when you're hungry, and you don't have much time, I say.
But, apart from that, it was always, no, I don't, it feels like it's, it is a nice feeling when you cook some stuff, and then it tastes good, and you get, like, sort of, like, an instant reward, and then you get to eat it, and then that's fine.
So,
Well, I never really had a part of your plan in my life, and I tried to stick to that.
Yeah, I know, it gets recorded.
So, what I'm excited about, and so my partner, we were going to trip around Australia this year, so we, we always had it in mind to do it, and, like, basically, to do it before we were, we settled down,
and, like, it's, like, the big out of stuff starts kicking in and everything.
So, so this year's is a perfect time, because she, she would get some long service leave, like a payout, and it kind of fits into my schedule.
We would go on a 10 week, 11 week trip around Australia, so, actually, try it up north from here from that light, and then all the coast down in WA.
We, on the weekend, we booked a trip to go swimming with whale sharks and humpback whales, so that was our first item on our list that we booked.
So, yeah, there's no, no, going back from here.
Yeah, so I'm probably like to swim with a humpback whales and whale sharks.
Like, I always wanted to see humpback whales in my life being, I know, like, who knows if it will happen, but, like, having the opportunity, yeah, possible swimming with them would be great.
Yeah, I'm mostly excited about the coast in WA, because I've heard it's quite amazing, quite nice.
We've booked a few campsites, which are really sheltered, but right at the beach, and the reef is right there, so you just get up in the morning, walk down to the beach, and you can go snorkeling.
So, that's the part that I'm excited about.
My life until your time.
That's a good question, like, I think you're having a job.
That's a good start. I'm having a job, making some money, living in a house with my partner.
Definitely having a dog, having a garden to take care of, and where the dog can run around, and having some sort of family, kids, yeah, we thought about having some foster kids doing that.
That will be part of the discussion until the next few years.
I work as a researcher at the University of Bella, so I get up in the morning around 6am.
I sometimes do some exercises, so I either go for a run, go to Pilates, or go to the gym, then, yeah, I sometimes come home after that.
I have a job, prepare lunch, prepare everything, pop up my bike, run my bike to work, around 9.30pm, then work all day, get a night by my students and everyone, and buy my supervisor.
Then, yeah, probably like around 6 o'clock, leave the office right back home.
During summer, we try to go to the beach once a week, when it's nice, after work.
To winter, I have soccer training, two-cent Thursday, after work.
Sometimes, one day a week, we have family dinner, so dinner with my partner's family, so that's the stuff we do after work.
That's my average day.
Yeah, not play soccer anymore.
Yeah, probably reduced our training twice a week, is a academic-wide stressful.
So yeah, we'll probably reduce it to once a week, and then game on Saturday.
Yeah, I mean, I've helped him that.
Like, yeah, the exercising is fine.
Like, it gets me going in the morning, and it keeps me active, and everything.
What do I enjoy about my work?
Good question.
Well, I currently, I think the stuff I'm mostly enjoying is helping other people in teaching other people how to do research.
I feel like there's a bit of lack of understanding how to do certain things around here.
So, quite a joy showing out to people what to do, and like, basically helping with my experience that they can achieve their goals.
In terms of my own personal work, what I quite enjoy about working in academia is that you can do what you're interested in.
Obviously, there are some limitations and restrictions, and you have to do other things as well.
But yeah, it's always quite challenging, and you always have to find new ways of, yeah, how to find, or how to approach problems, and basically how to find solutions that could help other people.
What do I enjoy?
Or I have to be cautious and careful.
Well, what I don't enjoy is probably the entire academic system, but what I mostly not enjoy is not having any job stability.
The instability is the stuff that is just not great for people when my age.
Obviously, you can't find anything, so that's the biggest problem.
Yeah, no, that's fine.
Yeah, really delighted.
